hey Ron this is Travis cafard at MSI day
3 with coverage presented by myself I'm
joined right now by Ivan Ivan who is the
owner and operator of Evo's am I saying
the name right the evil boss ok these
voids evo esports ok let's talk a little
bit so Vietnam is like really good at
League of Legends it feels like and
there's so much fandom and passion from
Vietnam what it what has it been like
for you operating and owning the team
out of Vietnam it's actually I'm very
amazing um we actually just went into
Vietnam last year before they actually
announced the independent region so we
were quite lucky with that we managed to
get pretty good players
you're right now investing a lot in
infrastructure and trying to help the
local players together even playing
field with the international scene
oh yeah it's a work in progress the
results isn't that great but I think
going into wolves will probably do a lot
better yeah what yeah what do you think
is missing in in Vietnam like what's the
difference in sort of the infrastructure
between Vietnam and the rest of the
world I think in Vietnam like even
before we enter into the scene I'm
coaching staff was in there analysts
wasn't there there wasn't really any
eSports organization they actually
invested in promoting the players
promoting a true value of being on
eSport players so it's very casual it's
very team-based like oh that's former
team of five players and in play that's
it
so with us coming in we are trying to
elevate the level of professionalism up
in the scene and the good thing is next
season there's actually a lot more
international investors coming in so I
think yet no one definitely top for next
season oh that's exciting
it's been really cool to see the amazing
players that have come out of Vietnam
and now we have Levi joining and na LCS
'whats can you give me a little bit
about your background how did you end up
involved in viet vietnam esports I mean
for me um seriously I was doing a
venture capital investments fund
management
and then I always had an East passion
for doing eSports I saw an opportunity
to enter two years ago in Indonesia so
we actually started off with dota 2 team
with mobile games mobile games and only
last year we saw an opportunity to enter
Vietnam and that's why we actually enter
and what what do you think what's it
like for you to be at MSI with your team
competing against all these other teams
from North America and and Korea and
China elsewhere well I mean we actually
came in here as an unknown so
fortunately but we beat you actually
beat super massive during the playing
stage and I'm hoping that the next two
days we do well during the group stage
but even if we don't I'm glad that the
players are actually taking a lot of
lessons and and stuff to learn during
the event so the end goal is still to do
goals for this year however you know I
don't know how much your interaction
with the players daily but how are they
enjoying the experience I mean it's
never fun to lose but you know you lose
you learn so the good thing is they're
all very positive about it and you're
still keeping a very positive mindset
going towards the next two days for the
group stage you said that you think
we'll see Vietnam be a top four region
next year what what else you do you
predict for Vietnam do we think do you
think that we'll start to think of
Vietnam sort of not just from a
performance standpoint but you know in
the same way we talk about China and
Korea that Vietnam will eventually be at
that level - mm-hmm I think something
for sure is definitely infrastructure
will improve salary will improve just a
little insight the viewership basically
improves drastically so after Riot Games
actually took over the production for
the BCS I think viewership went from
like average 90,000 to 350 thousand it's
on mainstream TV it's in cinema so it's
picking up a lot of steam so I think
going forward you know it's definitely a
good contender to be a franchise league
it's very good contender for a lot of
for investment to go in and
I think over is looking very positive
for the Vietnam seen what are the fans
like because I've heard that there's a
ton of fans over there that so many
people play league of legends I mean
what is the League of Legends culture
like in Vietnam I think if you go to
like the PC banks and Vietnam almost
everywhere like 80% of people are
playing League of Legends all players
when they travel and anywhere people
actually know them take picture of them
the meet and greets are crazy I mean
it's it's a very different experience
it's almost like a soccer club almost
getting there what's it like for you
with this team to be looking at sort of
North America that just went through a
franchise or permanent partner process
to see Europe heading in that direction
sort of see like the infrastructure and
all the build-up and hype that's
happening in the West around eSports I'm
very excited for them I'm actually
looking forward to see it in South Asia
I'm hoping that it comes but even if it
doesn't I mean it's still profitable
business it's still very doable business
and and on the day the viewership is
there the one thing that I hope is that
the VCS actually gets more international
exposure so like English streams Chinese
streams and that kind of stuff guts it's
really entertaining link to watch so
much action I actually love to watch it
a lot compared to like lck very good
well is there anything that you would
say to any of the international fans out
there that are you know they've noticed
the rise of Vietnam at a lot of these
tournaments and I'm kind of interested
in the future of this yeah thank you all
so much for supporting Evo's do keep
asked do keep a lookout for us I'm very
sure that going forward we'll continue
to very well to the into the Indonesian
fans out there
Mikasa Duke University ah thank you so
much and to the Vietnam friends so sorry
that we didn't perform as well at this
time but next time
impossible dick thank you thank you so
much for the interview it's been great
to talk to you and uh congratulations on
having the team here looking forward to
seeing what happens with your team in
Vietnam and and the rest of your
organization in the next couple of years
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here
my youtube channel
in these troubled days we have to figure
out what we really stand for and who we
want to support and I think there's a
chance that maybe you might be a nurse
in supporting me and if that's something
you're interested in you can do so at
Travis Khafre coms have support and
patreon.com slash Travis Caffrey